." Hi! This manual (man page) was written by dd86k.
." Please read man-pages(7) and groff_man(7) about the manual page format.
.TH ff 1 "March 2019" dd86k "User manual"
.SH NAME
.B ff
- determines file type via pre-determined magic.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY ff
.IR FILE
.OP -cmsvh
.YS
.SY ff
.OP --help
.OP --version
.OP --license
.YS

.SH DESCRIPTION

.B ff
is a simple, dumb, fast binary file scanner that is very similar to and inspired by the UNIX/BSD file(1) utility and is mostly aimed for binary formats.

.SH OPTIONS

Please note that options go at the end of the command line, as options are read from right to left. To selectively set options for particular files in one go, the options will affect the file or files on its left until new options are toggled. All short options can be toggled back and forth.

.IP -c
Continue on symlink. Default: Off

.IP -m
Show more information, if available. Default: Off

.IP -s
Prepend filename to result, useful while globbing. Default: Off

.IP --
Disables further CLI option settings. Default: Off

.IP -v, --version
Show version screen and exit.

.IP -h, --help
Show help screen and exit.

.IP --license
Show license screen and exit.

.SH EXAMPLES
.EX
$ ff ff ff.exe
PE32+ Windows Console Executable for x86-64, LARGE_ADDRESS_AWARE
ELF64LE System V Shared object for x86-64 machines

$ ff ff.exe -m
PE32+ Windows Console Executable for x86-64 machines, LARGE_ADDRESS_AWARE
Number of sections     : 0h
Timestamp              : 5AA58AC4h
Pointer to Symbol Table: 0h
Number of symbols      : 0h
Size of Optional Header: F0h
Characteristics        : 22h

$ ff * -sm
Manuel - Gas Gas Gas.flac: FLAC audio, 44100 Hz, 16-bit, 2 channels
cv.wav: WAVE audio (G.729) 8000 Hz, 0 kbps, 0-bit, 1 channels
2002ado.wad: PWAD, 894 entries at C7A7FDh

(Linux)$ ff /dev/null
Character device

(Windows)> ff NUL
Character device
.EE

.SH WARNINGS
ff is still a work in progress and may give incorrect results.

.SH NOTES
This project started for my interest of having a simple scanner for Windows and Linux.

.SH BUGS
None at the moment of writing.

.SH AUTHOR
Program and man-gage written by dd86k
.MT devddstuff@gmail.com
.ME .

.UR https://git.dd86k.space/dd86k/ff
Homepage:
.UE
